[Docs] Managing infrastructure with Meshery. (#9391)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/tasks/application-management.md

---
layout: default
title: Infrastructure Management

> permalink: tasks/infrastructure-management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
permalink: tasks/infrastructure-management
redirect_from: tasks/application-management
```

@MUzairS15, we'll want to include a redirect to avoid 404s. 👍

type: tasks
language: en
list: include
---

## Infrastructure Management with Meshery Designs

Meshery is a versatile platform designed to streamline the storage, management, configuration, and deployment of infrastructure across connected Kubernetes clusters.

### Designs in Meshery
**Overview:**
Meshery employs the concept of "Designs" as a fundamental construct for managing infrastructure. Designs provide a structured way to organize and deploy various components of your infrastructure.

**Importing Infrastructure:**
Meshery facilitates the import of infrastructure in multiple formats, including Kubernetes manifests, Helm Charts, and Docker Compose files. Users can upload directly from the filesystem, provide a URL, or import from a GitHub repository.

### Provisioning Process

When a request is made to provision a design, it undergoes the following stages:

1. **Import of Referenced Designs:**

>    Designs support importing remote designs. You can reference a design which will be included at runtime by adding the following annotation `type: $(#use <url-of-remote-pattern>)`. The referenced design will be expanded from the source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A Design may reference any number of other Designs, in essence, a Design may import any number of other Designs.  As an editor of a Design, you can make reference to another Design, while following principles of reusing and DRY (Do Not Repeat Yourself). Any referenced Design will subsequently be imported during the provisioning moment. To reference another design, do so by adding the following annotation `type: $(#use <url-of-remote-pattern>)` in your Design file. The referenced design will be expanded from the source.
```
